Switch to Poetry, adopt tox and pytest (#2127)
sherlock-project/sherlock: docs/INSTALL.md

pipx install sherlock-project
```

### Build live package from source (useful for contributors)

Building an editable (or live) package links the entry point to your current directory, rather than to the standard install location. This is often useful when working with the code base, as changes are reflected immediately without reinstallation.

Note that the version number will be 0.0.0 for pipx local builds unless manually changed in the pyproject file (it will prompt the user for an update).

```bash

> # Assumes repository cloned, and pwd is repository root

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Assumes repository cloned, and current working directory is repository root
```

pipx install -e .
```

### Run package from source (without installing)

If you'd rather not install directly to your system, you can import the module at runtime with `-m`.

```bash

> # Assumes repository cloned, and pwd is repository root

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Assumes repository cloned, and current working directory is repository root
```
